set_lsb_release: only set update-engine GROUP in /usr, not /etc (#212)
flatcar-linux/scripts: changelog/changes/2022-01-11-etc-flatcar-update-conf.md

> - Removed the pre-shipped `/etc/flatcar/update.conf` file, leaving it totally to the user to define the contents as it was overwriting the `/use/share/flatcar/update.conf` without need ([PR#212](https://github.com/flatcar-linux/scripts/pull/212))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the pre-shipped `/etc/flatcar/update.conf` file, leaving it totally to the user to define the contents as it was unnecessarily overwriting the `/use/share/flatcar/update.conf` ([PR#212](https://github.com/flatcar-linux/scripts/pull/212))
```

Author: Thanks!
